c:\users\barte_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SessionCacher\SessionCacher\bin\x64\Debug\SessionCacher.exe.config
c:\users\barte_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SessionCacher\SessionCacher\bin\x64\Debug\SessionCacher.exe
c:\users\barte_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SessionCacher\SessionCacher\bin\x64\Debug\SessionCacher.pdb
c:\users\barte_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SessionCacher\SessionCacher\obj\x64\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\barte_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SessionCacher\SessionCacher\obj\x64\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\barte_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SessionCacher\SessionCacher\obj\x64\Debug\SessionCacher_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\barte_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SessionCacher\SessionCacher\obj\x64\Debug\SessionCacher_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\barte_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SessionCacher\SessionCacher\obj\x64\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\barte_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SessionCacher\SessionCacher\obj\x64\Debug\SessionCacher.g.resources
c:\users\barte_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SessionCacher\SessionCacher\obj\x64\Debug\SessionCacher.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\barte_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SessionCacher\SessionCacher\obj\x64\Debug\SessionCacher.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\barte_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SessionCacher\SessionCacher\obj\x64\Debug\SessionCacher.exe
c:\users\barte_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SessionCacher\SessionCacher\obj\x64\Debug\SessionCacher.pdb
c:\users\barte_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SessionCacher\SessionCacher\obj\x64\Debug\SessionCacher.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\barte_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SessionCacher\SessionCacher\bin\x64\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\barte_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SessionCacher\SessionCacher\bin\x64\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\barte_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SessionCacher\SessionCacher\bin\x64\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
C:\Users\barte_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SessionCacher\SessionCacher\bin\x64\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
C:\Users\barte_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SessionCacher\SessionCacher\bin\x64\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
C:\Users\barte_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SessionCacher\SessionCacher\bin\x64\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\barte_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SessionCacher\SessionCacher\bin\x64\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\barte_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SessionCacher\SessionCacher\bin\x64\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
C:\Users\barte_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SessionCacher\SessionCacher\obj\x64\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
